Azure Logs: Expand the integration docs adding a section for Event Hub partitions (#10583)
elastic/integrations: packages/azure/_dev/build/docs/README.md

| Consumer Group | Consumer Group    |
| Offset         | Offset            |

#### How many partitions?

> The number of partitions is essential to balance Event Hub cost and performance. 

Reviewer: As we represent the `Event Hub` in different cases in the multiple places. Some places we do have the `Event hub`. To make this consistent, I would recommend to keep lower case in the descriptions and the titles as `Event Hub`.

Author: Good point. Let me review the doc to improve consistency!

Author: After reading the following docs:

- https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/event-hubs/event-hubs-about
- https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/event-hubs/event-hubs-features

@alaudazzi @muthu-mps, I'm reviewing the `_dev/docs/README.md` following these rules:

- "Event Hubs" for the service name
- "event hub" for the actual event hub

Author: After reading https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/essentials/diagnostic-settings, I'm also updating the capitalization of diagnostic settings.

Author: I'm not 100% sure about how to capitalize the names in the diagrams. @alaudazzi, let me know what you think!

```text
┌ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ┐    ┌ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ┐

│                         │    │                         │

│   ┌─────────────────┐   │    │   ┌─────────────────┐   │
    │   partition 0   │◀───────────│     worker      │
│   └─────────────────┘   │    │   └─────────────────┘   │
    ┌─────────────────┐            ┌─────────────────┐
│   │   partition 1   │◀──┼────┼───│     worker      │   │
    └─────────────────┘            └─────────────────┘
│   ┌─────────────────┐   │    │   ┌─────────────────┐   │
    │   partition 2   │◀────────── │     worker      │
│   └─────────────────┘   │    │   └─────────────────┘   │
    ┌─────────────────┐            ┌─────────────────┐
│   │   partition 3   │◀──┼────┼───│     worker      │   │
    └─────────────────┘            └─────────────────┘
│                         │    │                         │

│                         │    │                         │

└ Event Hub ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ┘    └ Agent ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ┘
```

##### Two or more Agents

With more than one Agent, setting the number of partitions is crucial. The agents share the existing partitions to scale out performance and improve availability.

> The number of partitions must at least match the number of agents.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The number of partitions must be at least the number of agents.
```
"at least match" becomes non-ordinal, so it's unclear.

```text
┌ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ┐    ┌ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ┐

│                         │    │   ┌─────────────────┐   │
                            ┌──────│     worker      │
│   ┌─────────────────┐   │ │  │   └─────────────────┘   │
    │   partition 0   │◀────┘      ┌─────────────────┐
│   └─────────────────┘   │ ┌──┼───│     worker      │   │
    ┌─────────────────┐     │      └─────────────────┘
│   │   partition 1   │◀──┼─┘  │                         │
    └─────────────────┘         ─Agent─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─
│   ┌─────────────────┐   │    ┌ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ┐
    │   partition 2   │◀────┐
│   └─────────────────┘   │ │  │  ┌─────────────────┐    │
    ┌─────────────────┐     └─────│     worker      │
│   │   partition 3   │◀──┼─┐  │  └─────────────────┘    │
    └─────────────────┘     │     ┌─────────────────┐
│                         │ └──┼──│     worker      │    │
                                  └─────────────────┘
│                         │    │                         │

└ Event Hub ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ┘    └ Agent ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ┘
```

##### Recommendations

> Create an event hub with at least two partitions. Two partitions allow low-volume deployment to support high availability with two agents. Please consider creating four partitions or more to handle medium-volume deployments with availability.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Create an event hub with at least two partitions. Two partitions allow low-volume deployment to support high availability with two agents. Consider creating four partitions or more to handle medium-volume deployments with availability.
```

> To learn more about Event Hub partitions, you can read an in-depth guide from Microsoft at https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/event-hubs/event-hubs-create.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To learn more about Event Hub partitions, read an in-depth guide from Microsoft at https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/event-hubs/event-hubs-create.
```

> To learn more about Event Hub partition from the performance perspective, you can read the scalability-focused document at https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/event-hubs/event-hubs-scalability#partitions.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To learn more about Event Hub partition from the performance perspective, check the scalability-focused document at https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/event-hubs/event-hubs-scalability#partitions.
```

```text
┌ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ┐    ┌ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ┐

│                         │    │                         │

│   ┌─────────────────┐   │    │   ┌─────────────────┐   │
    │   partition 0   │◀───────────│     worker      │
│   └─────────────────┘   │    │   └─────────────────┘   │
    ┌─────────────────┐            ┌─────────────────┐
│   │   partition 1   │◀──┼────┼───│     worker      │   │
    └─────────────────┘            └─────────────────┘
│   ┌─────────────────┐   │    │   ┌─────────────────┐   │
    │   partition 2   │◀────────── │     worker      │
│   └─────────────────┘   │    │   └─────────────────┘   │
    ┌─────────────────┐            ┌─────────────────┐
│   │   partition 3   │◀──┼────┼───│     worker      │   │
    └─────────────────┘            └─────────────────┘
│                         │    │                         │

│                         │    │                         │

└ Event Hub ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ┘    └ Agent ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ┘
```

##### Two or more Agents

With more than one Agent, setting the number of partitions is crucial. The agents share the existing partitions to scale out performance and improve availability.

> The number of partitions must be at least the number of agents.

Reviewer 4: looking to the diagram below - is it possible that first agent when starting create workers of all partitions, so when second agent starts - there are no "free" partitions? 
correctly I understand that it is not possible that workers of different agents are picking the same partition?

Author: The agents use blobs in a storage account to share two kinds of information: partition ownership [^1] and checkpoint information.

For example, when the input starts:

- it leases the blob for the partition 
- reads the checkpoint info
- and sets the ownership. 

If there's another input from another agent using the same agent policy, this input knows that another input claimed that partition and moves to the next partition.

The processor v2 (thanks to the modern event hub SDK) offers a configurable [load balancing strategy](https://github.com/zmoog/beats/blob/85e265cfe99425cbf3adf307a73f5a079b348d80/x-pack/filebeat/input/azureeventhub/v2_input.go#L282-L302) for partition claiming.

From [sdk/messaging/azeventhubs/processor.go](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/blob/246ab6cc71f454bbc4277fafdd31e9b6e763e320/sdk/messaging/azeventhubs/processor.go#L24-L35);

> ProcessorStrategyBalanced will attempt to claim a single partition at a time, until each active owner has an equal share of partitions.

[^1]: The implementation details differ between processors v1 and v2. Processor v1 stores the ownership information in a JSON document, while processor v2 stores it as blob metadata.

Reviewer 4: Thanks for the detailed explanation!
